So you have learned that in order to run this python program
we'll have to open up a terminal window and run python on
Windows or python3 on Mac and then app.py
This is a little bit tedious. so let me show you a shortcut.
Once again, let's go to the extensions panel, here search for
code runner.
There are multiple code runners out there, the one that I'm talking about is
this one, with the yellow icon. So go ahead and
install this, and then reload vs code.
Now instead of opening up the terminal and
manually typing python app.py all we have to do is
to press control alt and n.
You can see the output here, beautiful. Just be aware that if
you make any changes you will have to save the changes before using
the shortcut, otherwise you're going to see the old result. Now there is a tiny
problem here, so you can see this is the command that is
executed to run this python program, so by default this
command is using python-u and here is the name of our file,
if you're on windows that's perfectly fine, but if you're on Mac,
you know that Python refers to Python 2, here we
want to change this to Python 3. This is very easy.
Once again, on the top under the code menu let's go to preferences.
And then here,
under this ... go to open settings.
json. Now here in the search bar,
type code-runner.exe
cuter .map. So these are the default settings
used by this code runner extension, you can see this extension
supports executing code in a lot of languages like JavaScript, Java
and so on. Now if you scroll down here you can see
python, and in front of that you can see the command that is used to
execute python code. We need to change this, however we cannot change
the default settings, we should change the user settings so
on the right side under the setting, type a comma,
and then in quotes type code-runnner.
executerMap and then press enter.
This will automatically copy all the settings on the left side to the right side.
Now we can easily change one of these.
So, here's python, let's change the command
to python3. You only have to do this
if you're on Mac, and by the way, sorry if I have mentioned Windows and
Mac a few times throughout this course, that's pretty much it, we are not going to differentiate
between Windows and Mac in the future, so save the changes and
we're done.